Daily markdownlint (#20270)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/reflect/preventextensions/index.md

---
{{JSRef}}

> The static **`Reflect.preventExtensions()`** method prevents new properties from ever being added to an object (i.e., prevents future extensions to the object). It is similar to {{jsxref("Object.preventExtensions()")}}, but with [somedifferences](#difference_with_object.preventextensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static **`Reflect.preventExtensions()`** method prevents new properties from ever being added to an object (i.e., prevents future extensions to the object). It is similar to {{jsxref("Object.preventExtensions()")}}, but with [some differences](#difference_with_object.preventextensions).
```
